Update OTel runtime metrics documentation (#19247)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/runtime_metrics/dotnet.md

- You are successfully [sending OpenTelemetry metrics to Datadog][1].
- You have installed the language integration for [.NET][2].

> - Minimum .NET OTel SDK version of [1.5.0][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minimum .NET OTel SDK version of [1.5.0][6].
```

## OpenTelemetry SDK configuration

If you have instrumented your .NET applications with [OpenTelemetry automatic instrumentation][3], runtime metrics are automatically enabled. 

If you have instrumented your .NET application with [OpenTelemetry manual instrumentation][4], see the documentation for the [OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime library][5].

> The default metric export interval for the .NET OTel SDK is different from the default for the Datadog .NET SDK. We recommend setting the [OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL][7] environment variable on your .NET service to match the default Datadog metric export interval for viewing integration metric graphs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default metric export interval for the .NET OTel SDK is different from the default for the Datadog .NET SDK. Datadog recommends setting the [OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL][7] environment variable on your .NET service to match the default Datadog metric export interval for viewing integration metric graphs:
```
